Three kings are born
Eastern Britain is a Western monarch
And those two are not rumored to be dead?
Three kings
May is also the other way around
I am the king of heaven
What about rebellion?
King Zhanbei, your wolf ambition
The Lord has already told us to guard against you
The surname of Chang'an is Lin.
Never surnamed god
To ascend the throne
The sword in my hand
Today, the king of summer will honor blood
Welcome to the return of Tianzun's bloodline
How could he be of the Supreme Bloodline?
What the three heavenly kings said cannot be false
Could this be what His Royal Highness the Lion said at the beginning?
It's slanderous.
It seems that there is really another secret to what happened back then
Otherwise, the King of Zhenbei would not have been chasing him forever
It's over. It's over.
Why are there so many short people today?
Prove identity for this
I knew my man wouldn't lie
He is the descendant of Tianzun
Hmph, what about the son of Tianzun?
Do you think that today's Great Xia is still the era of the Lin family?
I am the only saint in Great Xia
It's comparable to the dead Tianzun
You say so
Do you want to rebel with him?
Wang Yiming, I didn't react for a while
Strict than user
Please forgive me.
I am now the only saint above the gods
Half Land Fairy Realm
I am the only one in heaven and earth
You damn old man deserves to be compared to me